Update LIPs 0043, 0045, 0049, 0051, 0052, 0053, 0054 (#131)
LiskHQ/lips: proposals/lip-0045.md

The life cycle of a sidechain can be split into 3 parts, corresponding to the 3 values of the account status property: ''registered'', ''active'', and ''terminated''.

> A sidechain registers on the mainchain with a [sidechain registration command][lip-0043]. This command creates the sidechain account on the mainchain. In particular, it creates an entry in the chain data substore, with initial status set to ''registered''; an entry in the channel data substore, with empty inbox and outbox; and an entry in the validators data substore, holding the initial sidechain validators set. Thereafter, the mainchain account is similarly created on a sidechain with a [mainchain registration command][lip-0043].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A sidechain registers on the mainchain with a [sidechain registration command][lip-0043]. This command creates the sidechain account on the mainchain. In particular, it creates an entry in the chain data substore, with initial status set to 'registered'; an entry in the channel data substore, with empty inbox and outbox; and an entry in the validators data substore, holding the initial sidechain validators set. Thereafter, the mainchain account is similarly created on a sidechain with a [mainchain registration command][lip-0043].
```

After a sidechain has been registered on the mainchain, it cannot receive any cross-chain message and does not need to follow the liveness rule, until the first sidechain CCU has been included in the mainchain. At this point, the status of the sidechain account on the mainchain is updated to ''active'' and the liveness requirement is enforced.

If no CCU is received within 30 days, the [chain account is terminated](#terminateChain) and no more CCMs can be sent to or received from the sidechain. A sidechain account can also be terminated if the sidechain posts a CCU containing a CCM with an invalid schema or with an invalid sending chain ID. A message targeting a terminated chain is bounced on the mainchain instead of being forwarded. When this happens, a ''terminated sidechain'' message is emitted by the mainchain, targeting the original sending chain. When this message is processed, the chain is also terminated in the sending chain, blocking future messages.

> When a chain is terminated, a ''terminated state'' account is created, storing the last certified state root of the terminated chain. Then, users can recover tokens from the terminated sidechain with a state recovery command or proceed with the message recovery initialization command to kick-off the recovery of pending cross-chain messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a chain is terminated, a 'terminated state' account is created, storing the last certified state root of the terminated chain. Then, users can recover tokens from the terminated sidechain with a state recovery command or proceed with the message recovery initialization command to kick-off the recovery of pending cross-chain messages.
```
